chore: Angularjs section for other tech block (#54)
dobromir-hristov/vuecommunity: docs/guide/learning/how-to-learn-vue.md

### AngularJS (Angular 1.x)

**Similarities**

> - Templates are pure HTML

Reviewer: I would rephrase that they both use HTML based templating systems. The directives and what knot are technically not "pure" hehe, you get my idea.

Author: Done!

- Directives
- Filters
- Component approach (AngularJS from 1.5.x)

**Differences**

> The main difference between VueJs and AngularJs is how reactivity is implemented, Angular has dirty checking phases where a check is done in regards of what model is out of sync with the DOM and updates are performed. Possible issues in converting an AngularJS codebase to a VueJS one is to properly adhere to best practices. (IE: AngularJs encourage an extensive use of filters while in VueJs is preferrable to use computed properites)

Reviewer: I would follow the bullet pattern from above (to keep consistency, but then for each bullet do the summary. Much easier to scan.

Author: Done!

**VueJs Benefits**

 - Dirty checking of AngularJs can cause loops and be extremely slow

>  - Unit testing  AngularJs components can be tricky

Reviewer: Lets rephrase these from a Vue point of ... view? `Unit testing Vue components is easier than AngularJs`?

Author: Done!

 - VueJs has a much smaller footprint
 - VueJs is less verbose

>  - AngularJs community packages are often abandoned ( or only maintained for Angular 2x, 3x ... )

Reviewer: Vue has a very active and evolving community, compared to AngularJs, bla bla

Author: Done!

> **Links**

Reviewer: We can skip the Links text if we use the component

Author: Done!

> [VueJs Docs](https://vuejs.org/v2/guide/comparison.html#AngularJS-Angular-1)

Reviewer: Could you use the link component? 
```
<useful-links>
<useful-links-section title="Tutorials">

 [VueJs Docs](https://vuejs.org/v2/guide/comparison.html#AngularJS-Angular-1) 

</useful-links-section>
</useful-links

### AngularJS (Angular 1.x)

**Similarities**

- Both use a templating system based on HTML
- Directives
- Filters
- Component approach (AngularJS from 1.5.x)

**Differences**

> - Reactivity is implemented differently, Angular has dirty checking phases where a check is done in regards of what model is out of sync with the DOM and updates are performed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reactivity implementation - Angular has dirty checking phases, where a check is done in regards of what model is out of sync with the DOM and updates are performed.
```

> - Possible issues in converting an AngularJS codebase to a VueJS one is to properly adhere to best practices. (IE: AngularJs encourage an extensive use of filters while in VueJs is preferrable to use computed properites)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Possible issues when converting an AngularJS codebase to Vue - Best practices differ, AngularJs encourages extensive use of filters while in Vue computed properties are preferred).
```

> **VueJs Benefits**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 **Why Switch?** 
```

 - Dirty checking of AngularJs can cause loops and be extremely slow

>  - Unit test VueJs component is easier than AngularJs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Unit testin Vue components is easier
```

Author: There is a typo, fixing it :)

>  - VueJs has a much smaller footprint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Vue has a much smaller footprint
```

>  - VueJs is less verbose

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Vue is less verbose - easier learning curve, lower entry point
```

>  - VueJs community is active and evolving, while AngularJs one moved the attention to Angular (2x, 3x, 4x)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - The Vue community is active and evolving, while the AngularJs one shifted attention to Angular (2x, 3x, 4x) 
```

<useful-links>

> <useful-links-section title="Links">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<useful-links-section title="Useful links"> 
```
